Release Notes update for 2021.2 (#146)
oneapi-src/oneDPL: documentation/release_notes.rst

creating efficient heterogeneous applications.

New in 2021.2
=============

New Features
------------
-  Added support of parallel, vector and DPC++ execution policies for the following algorithms: ``shift_left``, ``shift_right``.
-  Added the Range-based versions of the following algorithms: ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``merge``.
-  Added the ``ONEDPL_USE_PREDEFINED_POLICIES`` macro that can disable predefined policies objects and make functions without arguments if needed.

Changes to Existing Features
-----------------------------
- Improved performance of the ``sort`` and ``stable_sort`` algorithms when using Radix sort.
- Improved performance of the linear_congruential_engine RNG engine (including ``minstd_rand``, ``minstd_rand0``, ``minstd_rand_vec``, ``minstd_rand0_vec`` predefined engines).
- Improved performance of the following algorithms: ``count``, ``count_if``, ``is_partitioned``, ``lexicographical_compare``, ``max_element``, ``min_element``, ``minmax_element``, ``reduce``, ``transform_reduce``.

Fixed Issues
------------
- Fixed runtime errors on CPU building with the -O0 option for the following algorithms: ``find_end``, ``search``, ``search_n``.

> - Removed unused parameters names in most of the functions that were producing warnings. In most cases the parameters were needed for function overloading.

Reviewer: Seems the description is too verbose. Let's leave only what affects a oneDPL user.

```suggestion
- Fixed unused parameter warnings.
```

Known Issues and Limitations
-----------------------------

> - ``exclusive_scan`` and ``transform_exclusive_scan`` algorithms may provide wrong results with ``unseq`` and ``par_unseq`` policies

Reviewer: Align with the other comments. 
```suggestion
- ``exclusive_scan`` and ``transform_exclusive_scan`` algorithms may provide wrong results with vector execution policies
```

>   when using GCC 10 and building a program in debug mode.

Reviewer: The issue occurs with both 10.2 and 10.1.
I imply -O0 option when saying debug mode. I think is it confusing and should be changed here and in the other places.

>   when using GCC 10 and building a program in debug mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  when building a program with GCC 10 and using -O0 option.
```

-  Added the ``ONEDPL_USE_PREDEFINED_POLICIES`` macro, which enables predefined policy objects and ``make_device_policy``, ``make_fpga_policy`` functions without arguments. It is turned on by default.

Changes to Existing Features
-----------------------------
- Improved performance of the following algorithms: ``count``, ``count_if``, ``is_partitioned``, ``lexicographical_compare``, ``max_element``, ``min_element``, ``minmax_element``, ``reduce``, ``transform_reduce``, and ``sort``, ``stable_sort`` when using Radix sort [#fnote1]_.
- Improved performance of the linear_congruential_engine RNG engine (including ``minstd_rand``, ``minstd_rand0``, ``minstd_rand_vec``, ``minstd_rand0_vec`` predefined engines).

Fixed Issues
------------
- Fixed runtime errors occurring with``find_end``, ``search``, ``search_n`` algorithms when a program is built with -O0 option and executed on CPU devices.
- Fixed the majority of unused parameter warnings.

Known Issues and Limitations
-----------------------------
- ``exclusive_scan`` and ``transform_exclusive_scan`` algorithms may provide wrong results with vector execution policies

>   when using GCC 10 and building a program in debug mode.

Reviewer: Debug mode -> -O0 option
```suggestion
  when building a program with GCC 10 and using -O0 option.
```

and provides high-productivity APIs aimed to minimize programming efforts of C++ developers
creating efficient heterogeneous applications.

New in 2021.2
=============

New Features
------------
-  Added support of parallel, vector and DPC++ execution policies for the following algorithms: ``shift_left``, ``shift_right``.
-  Added the Range-based versions of the following algorithms: ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``merge``.
-  Added non-blocking versions of the following algorithms: ``copy``, ``fill``, ``for_each``, ``reduce``, ``sort``, ``transform``, ``transform_reduce``. These algorithms are declared in ``oneapi::dpl::experimental`` namespace with suffix _async and implemented only for DPC++ policies. In order to make these algorithms available the ``<oneapi/dpl/async>`` header should be included. Use of the non-blocking API requires C++11.

> -	 Utility function ``wait_for_all`` enables waiting for completion of an arbitrary number of events.

Reviewer 2: Extra spaces at he beginning
```suggestion
-  Utility function ``wait_for_all`` enables waiting for completion of an arbitrary number of events.
```

-  Added the ``ONEDPL_USE_PREDEFINED_POLICIES`` macro that can disable predefined policies objects and make functions without arguments if needed.

Changes to Existing Features
-----------------------------

> - Improved performance of the ``sort`` and ``stable_sort`` algorithms when using Radix sort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved performance of the ``sort`` and ``stable_sort`` algorithms when using Radix sort [#fnote1]_.
```

- Improved performance of the linear_congruential_engine RNG engine (including ``minstd_rand``, ``minstd_rand0``, ``minstd_rand_vec``, ``minstd_rand0_vec`` predefined engines).

> - Improved performance of the following algorithms: ``count``, ``count_if``, ``is_partitioned``, ``lexicographical_compare``, ``max_element``, ``min_element``, ``minmax_element``, ``reduce``, ``transform_reduce``.

Reviewer 2: I think we can merge 24 and 26 lines into one line

Author: ```suggestion
- Improved performance of the following algorithms: ``count``, ``count_if``, ``is_partitioned``, ``lexicographical_compare``, ``max_element``, ``min_element``, ``minmax_element``, ``reduce``, ``transform_reduce``, and ``sort``, ``stable_sort`` when using Radix sort [#fnote1]_.
```
Something like this?

Reviewer 2: Yes. something like that

Fixed Issues
------------
- Fixed runtime errors on CPU building with the -O0 option for the following algorithms: ``find_end``, ``search``, ``search_n``.
- Removed unused parameters names in most of the functions that were producing warnings. In most cases the parameters were needed for function overloading.

Known Issues and Limitations
-----------------------------
- ``exclusive_scan`` and ``transform_exclusive_scan`` algorithms may provide wrong results with ``unseq`` and ``par_unseq`` policies
  when using GCC 10 and building a program in debug mode.

> - Some algorithms may hang when a program is built in debug mode, executed on GPU devices and large number of elements is to be processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some algorithms may hang when a program is built with -O0 option, executed on GPU devices and large number of elements is to be processed.
```

  with some compilers including GCC 7 and earlier. Instead of this directive, explicitly use
  ``oneapi::dpl`` namespace, or create a namespace alias.

> - The ``partial_sort_copy``, ``sort`` and ``stable_sort`` algorithms are prone to ``CL_BUILD_PROGRAM_FAILURE``

Reviewer: This is not relevant anymore. Let's remove it.

>   when using Radix sort [#fnote1]_ in debug mode on CPU devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  when a program uses Radix sort [#fnote1]_, is built with -O0 option and executed on CPU devices.
```
